Add multiple times in periodic jobs (#17858)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/periodic.mdx

  interval to launch the job. In addition to [cron-specific formats][cron], this
  option also includes predefined expressions such as `@daily` or `@weekly`.

> - `crons` - A cron expressions configuring the interval the job is launched
>   at. Like `cron`, but support multiple entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `crons` - A cron expressions configuring the interval the job is launched
  at. Like `cron`, but support multiple expressions. The job will run at the next time that matches any of the expressions.
```
